Add new runbook files (#35)
pegasystems/pega-helm-charts: docs/prepping-local-system-runbook-linux.md

Preparing your local Linux system to deploy Pega Platform– 45 minutes
=====================================================================

In order to deploy using a local Linux system on which you can run commands with
Administrator privileges, you must prepare your system with required
applications and configuration files you will use for your deployment of Pega
Platform. Pega recommends doing this first so you can complete the deployment

> without having to pause in order to obtain a Linus executable files or prepare a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
without having to pause in order to obtain a Linux executable file or prepare a
```
